# CKY Parsing

This repository contains an implementation of the Cocke-Kasami-Younger (CKY) parsing algorithm in Python. The CKY algorithm is used for parsing sentences in the context-free grammar (CFG). It can determine whether a given sentence is grammatically correct according to a provided CFG and generate parse trees for valid sentences.

## Features

- **CKY Parsing Algorithm:** The repository includes a Python implementation of the CKY parsing algorithm, which efficiently checks the grammaticality of a sentence and generates parse trees.
- **Parse Tree Visualization:** The code provides functionality to visualize the parse trees generated by the CKY algorithm.

## Requirements

Make sure you have the following dependencies installed:

- Python (>=3.6)
- nltk library

You can install the required dependencies using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

To use the CKY parsing algorithm, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Kshitij301199/CKY_Parsing.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd CKY_Parsing
   ```
3. Run the CKY parsing algorithm:

   ```bash
   python assignment4.py --structural
   python assignment4.py --recognizer
   python assignment4.py --parser

   ```

   This will execute the CKY algorithm on a sample sentence and display the parse trees.

## Acknowledgments

This implementation is inspired by the Cocke-Kasami-Younger algorithm and related parsing techniques.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
